ridnu N Pl Nom
sistebuvssat N Pl Nom
sistebuksa N Pl Nom
šaddanbeaidoalut N Pl Nom
šaddanbeaidoallu N Pl Nom
ollesolbmoášši N Sg Nom
alfabehta N Sg Nom
bassanmášiidna N Sg Nom
beallječikŋa N Sg Nom
betoŋga-seaidni N Sg Nom
biilastuollu N Sg Nom
birrajándor N Sg Nom
bivdinguovlu N Sg Nom
boandabargu N Sg Nom
boandahommá N Sg Nom
buohccebiila N Sg Nom
buohccebiilaolmmoš N Sg Nom
busseceahkki N Sg Nom
busseuksa N Sg Nom
buđetmeastu N Sg Nom
bákteolmmoš N Sg Nom
bánna N Sg Nom
diibmo N Sg Nom
duo N Sg Nom Foc/ge
dákteriggi N Sg Nom
eahket N Sg Nom PxSg3
favorihttamusihkka N Sg Nom
filbmasivdnádus N Sg Nom
gahperdiehppi N Sg Nom
geađgegavja N Sg Nom
gillár N Sg Nom
gipsa N Sg Nom
gipsajuolgi N Sg Nom
glásaráigi N Sg Nom
glássa N Sg Nom
glássalávdi N Sg Nom
goaskinčalbmi N Sg Nom
goikesuoidni N Sg Nom
gussaeallu N Sg Nom
gussačalbmi N Sg Nom
huikkas N Sg Nom
huksentiŋga N Sg Nom
huksenšillju N Sg Nom
humanista N Sg Nom
iđitborramuš N Sg Nom
jođánisgeaidnu N Sg Nom
jugus N Sg Nom
jámešjietna N Sg Nom
kartoŋga N Sg Nom
liigeráigi N Sg Nom
liigeskeaŋka N Sg Nom
liigečoavdda N Sg Nom
livsku N Sg Nom
luonddufágagirji N Sg Nom
lákcagáhkkobihttá N Sg Nom
lákcajiekŋa N Sg Nom
maŋŋebeaŋka N Sg Nom
mearrasámeluohti N Sg Nom
muortu N Sg Nom
málenivdni N Sg Nom
málesbeavdi N Sg Nom
niestelihtti N Sg Nom
nissonbeaivi N Sg Nom
njoammelhiitta N Sg Nom
njuorjju N Sg Nom
njuovvanbiila N Sg Nom
njuovvanreŋko N Sg Nom
njuovvanáigi N Sg Nom
nuoraidromána N Sg Nom
návetdoallu N Sg Nom
oahpaheaddjiluopmu N Sg Nom
oaivesuodji N Sg Nom
oktovuohta N Sg Nom
olbmolága N Sg Nom PxSg1
oljohommá N Sg Nom
orrungoahti N Sg Nom
ovdabeaŋka N Sg Nom
riebangolleglássaráigi N Sg Nom
riedja N Sg Nom
rievssatgárdi N Sg Nom
rohkosviessu N Sg Nom
savkkus N Sg Nom
seastinbursa N Sg Nom
servvodatviessu N Sg Nom
sievlla N Sg Nom
sihkkeloaivesuodji N Sg Nom
sihkkelsuorbmafáhcca N Sg Nom
skurdnji N Sg Nom PxSg2
skuvllaáigi N Sg Nom
smiehttamuš N Sg Nom
spihkeluossa N Sg Nom
spiinnebiergu N Sg Nom
stággogeahči N Sg Nom
stáidnár N Sg Nom
sáhpánlága N Sg Nom PxSg1
sámi-ávvudeapmi N Sg Nom
termos N Sg Nom
tuneallanjálbmi N Sg Nom
tuneallatiŋga N Sg Nom
turistabiila N Sg Nom
vuodjináigi N Sg Nom
váibmogolláš N Sg Nom
vázzinmátki N Sg Nom
vázzinsoabbi N Sg Nom
ádjáš N Sg Nom
álkkeslohkangirjjáš N Sg Nom
čakčaguohtun N Sg Nom
čuorvvus N Sg Nom
